feat: `hydratable` (#17154)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/06-runtime/05-hydratable.md

Author: TODO this is very out of date

---
title: Hydratable data
---

> In Svelte, when you want to render asynchonous content data on the server, you can simply `await` it. This is great! However, it comes with a pitall: when hydrating that content on the client, Svelte has to redo the asynchronous work, which blocks hydration for however long it takes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Svelte, when you want to render asynchronous content data on the server, you can simply `await` it. This is great! However, it comes with a pitfall: when hydrating that content on the client, Svelte has to redo the asynchronous work, which blocks hydration for however long it takes:
```
